README.md, before:

hidelink
======================
hidelink is a simple chrome extension. That disable all anchor links while 'a' key is pressed.

How to Install
------
Note: This extension can **NOT** be installed from the Chrome Web Store.

<ol>
<li>Lauch Chrome</li>
<li>Open Tools > Extensions menu</li>
<li>Enable the "Developer mode" option on middle right</li>
<li>Press "Load unpacked extension..." button and select the "chrome" directory in this repository</li>
</ol>


How to Use
------
Just press 'a' key.

LISCENSE
----------
Copyright &copy; 2011 sawaNana
Distributed under the [MIT License][mit].

[MIT]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

The MIT License (MIT)
-----
Copyright (c) 2012 sawaNana

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Modified: add Notice section in README.md

README.md, after:

hidelink
======================
hidelink is a simple chrome extension. That disable all anchor links while 'a' key is pressed.

How to Install
------
Note: This extension can **NOT** be installed from the Chrome Web Store.

<ol>
<li>Lauch Chrome</li>
<li>Open Tools > Extensions menu</li>
<li>Enable the "Developer mode" option on middle right</li>
<li>Press "Load unpacked extension..." button and select the "chrome" directory in this repository</li>
</ol>


How to Use
------
Just press 'a' key.

Notice
------
This extension is now work when IME is enabled.

LISCENSE
----------
Copyright &copy; 2011 sawaNana
Distributed under the [MIT License][mit].

[MIT]: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

The MIT License (MIT)
-----
Copyright (c) 2012 sawaNana

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
